[H5R File article, Native File System article] Add pointers to new features (#2469)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/native-file-system/index.md

* Writing to a file using a [`WritableStream`][writablestream].
* The [`FileSystemDirectoryHandle.resolve()`][fs-dir-handle] method.

{% Aside 'note' %}
  Since the API is not compatible with all browsers yet,
  we provide a library called
  [browser-nativefs](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/browser-nativefs)

>   that uses the new API wherever possible, and else falls back to the legacy approaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that uses the new API wherever it is available, but falls back to legacy approaches when it is not.
```
